add poetry <1.2 version note to troubleshooting (#1326)
lnbits/lnbits: docs/guide/installation.md

./venv/bin/pip install setuptools wheel
```

> ### poetry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Poetry
```

If your Poetry version is older than 1.2, for `poetry install`, ignore the `--only main` flag.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If your poetry version is less than ^1.2, for `poetry install`, ignore the -- flags, it will install just fine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your poetry version is older than 1.2, for `poetry install`, ignore the `--only main` flag.
```
